hey so I wanted to give you an update of
the car cleaning that I do yesterday
especially with the Super Mario World
game that I used that kind of oxy action
vanish white stain removing stuff and
just to get rid of the yellowing on the
cartridge and half the report it
actually has actually worked to a degree
now if you compare this to my previous
video you can see the state of the
cartridge you can see there is still
some yellowing there but what I did I
left this let me take myself I left this
half in the water overnight
all night long and I've just taken it
out now giving a good little bit of a
scrub with the toothbrush and even
looking at the back look at this I mean
you can clearly see that the yellowing
has actually faded down I mean that's
almost invisible you can see see a
little few spots there obviously the
downside to this is this sticker
obviously got peeled off in the soaking
process but really not bothered about
that the yellowing on the back um I'm
really glad to report as reduced down to
a bare minimum so I'm really happy with
that and along the top as well to a
degree I mean especially kind of with
the backside at the top half of this you
can see it's kind of really faded down
and it's quite visible if you look at my
last video and compare this cartridge to
what it looks like now it's it's a real
big difference and again this is just
one night one overnight soaking one hot
water session and you know I'm sure a
few more sessions of doing this process
would that probably actually completely
remove it and that is a major difference
there completely yeah just go back and
check my last video and you'll probably
see you can do a little comparison but
yeah that's pretty cool
that's the vanish oxy action soaking
treatment on on my yellowed card so yeah
pretty happy with that I was gonna get
rid of this cartridge but it seems to be
cleaning up pretty nice now so I think
I'll keep it maybe I'll
a few more soaks a few more treatments
to see if I can really finish off the
get rid of that yellowing but really
glad that actually has worked means I
don't really have to go and buy bloody
peroxide and you know kill myself in the
process so I think I'll stick with that
process just for now and see how that
goes so yeah that's all for me I just
wanted to show you about what what the
result was with that so thanks for
watching bye for now